Document new cases.* event-driven triggers (9.5) (#6480)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/triggers.md

serverless: preview
```

Event-driven triggers run workflows when a platform event occurs:

> * **`workflows.failed`** fires when another workflow's execution fails (added in 9.4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`workflows.failed`** fires when another workflow's execution fails {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4+`.
```

> * **Cases triggers** fire when cases change (added in 9.5). The family includes `cases.caseCreated`, `cases.caseUpdated`, `cases.caseStatusUpdated`, `cases.attachmentsAdded`, and `cases.commentsAdded`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Cases triggers** fire when cases change {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.5+` {applies_to}`serverless: preview`. The family includes `cases.caseCreated`, `cases.caseUpdated`, `cases.caseStatusUpdated`, `cases.attachmentsAdded`, and `cases.commentsAdded`.
```
